[Music]
in other words they have legalized every
criminal act which they were condemned
out of hand for by the church committee
by urban's committee the Watergate
committee and have made legal everything
from murder down to the sending of these
anonymous letters and they have
galvanized behind it enormous support
and the strange thing is people don't
even know this is going on justice in
America and the dangers to our civil
liberties will be discussed by the
famous civil rights lawyer william
kunstler tonight on alternative views
news magazine
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
the last time I was here was sometime
shortly after the Chicago conspiracy
trial which by the way you'll all be
able to see next spring on CBS they're
bought the rights to the transcript I
guess and they're going to present it
for a three hour prime time showing of
an event that is 10 years old but I
guess which shaped my life a great deal
I'm itching to see whether Mickey Rooney
plays me as they threatened I hope when
you all see it you will see what it was
like to defend a rather brave guys who
were willing to stand up and be counted
in a federal courtroom in Chicago which
was going on just 10 years ago today a
lot is going on since then and I'm not
one who talks in terms of history so
much although history is important to a
people like Americans because we we have
very little memories of the past we
forget very readily we diverted very
easily and a lot of what happened at
another age seems to vanish in our Ken I
have a title for every speech I get
which is justice in America
words that effect and it lets you say
anything you want and I feel free to
deviate from it and speak about things
that are strictly not within a normal
discussion of courtrooms and law cases
and all the rest and tonight I want to
talk both on a historical level and a
very immediate level some of you must
have heard or read or seen on one of the
various news shows three or four weeks
ago the unfortunate and tragic story of
Jean Seberg Jean Seberg was a very
talented actress who linton hollywood in
the 1960s married to a french director
and was appearing in a number of films
there was planted in a Hollywood gossip
column by that great angel of justice j
edgar hoover a false story that she was
pregnant by a black panther and as a
result of that story which was
anonymously sent to a woman who wrote a
gossip column for The Daily Variety a
industry sheet in Los Angeles she lost
the baby and snapped her own mind
because what she did was to take the
corpse of the fetus put it in a clear
glass coffin and invite a hundred
newspaper people and radio and
television people in to view that the
baby was white and then on the
anniversary of the baby's death she
attempted to kill ourselves for the last
10 years and succeeded four or five
weeks ago in Paris with an overdose
above each race she was a direct
casualty
of a program which was given the acronym
COINTELPRO it was a program devised by
the FBI but with the approval of
everybody from presidents down to agency
chiefs it was a program designed to
disrupt both the black movement the
civil rights struggle and the anti-war
movement it stands for the words
counterintelligence it's an acronym for
that word nobody had ever heard of it
outside of the bureau before march
eighth 1971 and on the evening of that
day some unknown patriots broke into an
FBI office in a place called media
pennsylvania and stole all of the
confidential files of the local agency
and then they sent those files to
various people in the news media I'm
sure the town of media was picked with
malice aforethought because of its name
and one of the set of documents came in
the hands of a man named Karl Stern who
was and is a commentator for the
National Broadcasting Corporation and he
saw in some of the documents that it
said COINTELPRO who was a stand and he
had never heard of that word so he began
a lawsuit under the Freedom of
Information Act to get all documents at
the bureau had with the name COINTELPRO
on he did that after a letter to Hoover
was answered by a denial that any such
name was used by the bureau but when
Karl stir and filed his lawsuit the
bureau capitulated and on April 21st
1971 said yes we have such a
program we are stopping it now since
that time a great deal has come out
about this program it was a vicious
unprincipled indecent program it was
aimed at five or six different groups in
the United States groups they listed as
black nationalist hate groups the
Socialist Workers Party Communist Party
USA and so on one heading was the new
left although nobody could define it in
the FBI the program was a series of
covert activities and these covert
activities were designed to disrupt or
destroy certain protest groups many of
the groups which were attacked via this
program included dr. King southern
christian leadership conference which
was listed as a black nationalist hate
group core i mentioned the Socialist
Workers Party SDS every black student
union in the country Antioch College the
National Association for the Advancement
of Colored People and so on it was a
vast program and it conducted over 2,500
different operations including the one
against Mursi Berg the techniques as
described in a batch of testimony before
was called the church committee headed
by senator frank Church of a nearby
state was
to say the least startling horrified the
testimony that was developed before the
church committee showed as vicious a
program which was likened to wartime
techniques as has ever been for stood by
any agency in the United States that we
know about the techniques included false
propaganda planted in friendly news
media or other agencies the creation of
hatred within groups and group against
group the false labeling of people
within groups as informers so that their
lives were in danger the use of
derogatory information filled it out
through anonymous letters or anonymous
communications an abuse of government
process which ranged from interfering
with courts to selective prosecution or
seeking the house on American Activities
Committee or the Senate Internal
Security Committee upon members of
groups and writing to universities to
force the dismissal of professors or
students or both it was a program which
senator Church described in the final
report as one which degraded the entire
country he said in his report many of
the techniques would be intolerable in
the Democratic Society even if all the
targets have been involved in violent
activity but COINTELPRO went far beyond
that the unexpressed major premise of
the program was that a law enforcement
agency has the duty to do whatever is
necessary to combat perceived threats
to the existing social and political
order he called it a program that
violated every concept of a democratic
society and that it was a vigilante
operation a sophisticated one aimed
squarely at preventing the exercise of
First Amendment rights of speech and
association on the theory and now his
words that preventing the growth of
dangerous groups and the propagation of
Dangerous Ideas would protect the
national security and deter violence
this program was simply beyond belief
and those of you that are interested
later I'll give you the name of the
Senate report so you can read this
chamber of horrors for yourself but just
to mention a few of the techniques the
Jean Seberg letter was one that was
repeated on many fronts the allegations
of sexual immorality was a constant
recurrent theme in the thousands of
anonymous letters that was said I know
because my wife received two of them and
I also know that many of my clients
including the Secretary General of the
Puerto Rican Socialist Party also had
their wives received similar letters
they were letters which were written on
paper that could not be traced we think
that was purchased outside the bureau
they were made 28 the style of the
writer the supposed writer and they were
vicious to a point of wholesale
indecency I want to read you one which
is reprinted in the church report it is
one which was sent to a man i know in
st. Louis
his wife was a white woman as he was a
white man who was working in an
interracial spin-off from the Congress
of racial equality called action which
worked in the newstead area the ghetto
area of st. Louis and in order to
prevent her from working the following
letter written in some sort of pigeon
handwriting was sent to her husband and
said dear mr. B look man I guess your
old lady doesn't get enough at home or
she wouldn't be shucking and jiving with
our black men in action you dig like all
she wants to integrate is the bedroom
and us black sisters ain't going to take
no second best from our men so lay it
out a man or get her the hell out of
newstead signed a soul sister this
letter the bureau in st. Louis told mr.
Hoover resulted in the separation and
divorce of his couple and the bureau
chief in st. Louis Harlan Phillips wrote
a report to mr. Hoover on jun 17 through
19 70 and he said the following this
matrimonial stress and strange and cause
had a function much less effectively in
action while the letter sent by the
field office was probably not the sole
cause of the separation it certainly
contributed very strongly I might add
that when I was trying a case in st.
Louis mr. Phillips the especially in
charge of the st. Louis office spoke at
a Baptist Church in suburban st. Louis
in clayton and he described FBI agents
as the ambassadors of God well this is
what these heavenly beings were doing in
st. Louis
they also sent out another letter to the
wife of a black man who was in an
organization called the black liberators
and that letter told the wife that her
husband had been quote making it here
with sister merit Marfa bass and sister
Tanya and then he gives us this jive
about their better in bed than you are
and that was the letter sent to the wife
these letters are all over the place
they must have written thousands they
range from the sexually provocative such
as the ones I've read to you to writing
to a bishop of the Catholic Church that
one of his ministers should be
transferred one of his priests because
he had allowed the Black Panthers to use
the basement of his church for a free
breakfast food program they went to
employers college presidents corporation
executives saying that you oughta get
rid of so and so because he's a
communist or he's this or he's that they
even indicated that an employee was a
homosexual an untrue allegation in the
case I have and that he ought to be
fired because he was conducting his
activities in the company washroom this
is what mr. Hoover authorized to be done
there are so many letters that it would
serve no purpose to repeat them all to
get to a more dangerous aspect the
creation of hostility between groups
resulted in over 19 deaths occurring
between those groups between the Black
Panthers on the west coast and an
organization known as Austin
Los Angeles it resulted directly in the
murder of Malcolm X in New York by the
creation and furtherance of hostility
between Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm
through a whole series of letters I've
seen some receipt received by Elijah
Muhammad which said Malcolm is out to
kill you you better get him before we
get you and the identical letter was
sent to Malcolm as a result of these
letters you had terrible hostilities and
great danger and 19 deaths by last count
that resulted among a number of groups
including the Blackstone Rangers in
Chicago us on the west coast the
Panthers in Oakland the Panthers in New
York it resulted in enormous hostility
between SDS and the Panthers and almost
a carnage in Chicago during the Chicago
trial one that had to be arbitrated out
of occurring they also sent out
communications indicating that one or
another member of a particular
organization was an informant for the
FBI or an informant for some other
governmental agency this was called the
snitch jacket it's the word the bureau
gave to it and if you were the subject
of a snitch jacket operation you are put
in grave danger because your
organization was told that you are a
government and former and that could
excite any kind of a reaction what
letter went to in what the FBI said was
a purposely somewhat a literal types
scroll sent to the half-brother of a
fugitive who was underground and it said
brother Jimmy was sold out by sister and
then gave a name of a woman who was a
wife of a black pen
party organizer for some big money to
pay her rent when she don't get it that
way she takes Panther money how come her
kid sells the paper in his school and no
one bothers him how come Tyler got
busted by the pigs and her kid didn't
how come the FBI Pig fascist knew where
the bus Lonnie and many way out where
they were think baby and that was the
type of thing it created enormous
tensions in that particular instance
because I happen to know the
circumstances and the people involved
the FBI planted dynamite under the hood
of so-called mafiosi cars and Phoenix
resulting in one death and then let the
rival gang in Phoenix know that dynamite
was planted by another gang and then you
had this possibility of cross action
resulting in further deaths you could
spend all night on this but after all
its history for the moment theoretically
anyway because the bureau swears all of
this ended in nineteen hundred and
seventy-one now the most vitriolic of
all of these activities was reserved for
dr. Martin Luther King and indeed the
church committee has a special section
on dr. king mr. Hoover and probably many
others believe that dr. King had a
possibility of becoming what Hoover
called a black Messiah of uniting
third-world peoples in this country and
so he gave an order that dr. King was to
be destroyed by any means necessary and
so a mammoth campaign was undertaken
against dr. King some of you may have
read it this morning
the Coretta Scott King his widow is now
seeking reparations from the government
for what was done to Martin King any way
that he could be discredited was used by
the bureau for example Bobby Kennedy
authorized wiretaps on Martin's bedrooms
hotel rooms as well as the headquarters
of the southern christian leadership
conference in Washington and Atlanta as
a result of that the bureau compile what
they call a composite tape intended to
show the alleged sexual misconduct of
dr. King this tape was sent to President
Kennedy who won observers had played it
for select parties at the White House
The Shining figure of Camelot it was
also sent to members of Congress and so
called excerpts from it was sent to
every University where Martin was
scheduled to speak it was sent to every
church group that supported him it was
sent to Pope Paul the 12th to prevent
him from giving Martin and audience
after Martin was named the 1964
recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize every
publication of his works was all
resulted in anonymous letters and phone
calls to the publisher every time he was
to speak somewhere it was attempted to
be blog the Internal Revenue Service was
urged to audit all of his returns
constantly to find something to indict
him for there wasn't a thing done with
dr. King that they could think of that
was not done the most hideous example
involve the sending of this composite
tape with a trusted agent they used the
term
ruston in their report down to Miami
where he was to mail the composite tape
to Coretta Scott King in the hopes that
it would separate the couple with the
tapes was sent a letter to dr. King this
letter was a letter which I think you
will see could not be a more revolting
piece of chicanery it was a letter which
urged dr. King to kill himself I'll read
you a portion of it and it was
ostensibly from a black man King look
into your heart you know you are
complete fraud and a greater liability
to all of us Negroes white people in
this country have enough frauds in their
own but i'm sure they don't have one at
this time that is anywhere near your
equal you are no clergyman and you know
I repeat you are a class for fraud and
an evil vicious one at that your end is
approaching King there is only one thing
left for you to do you know what it is
you have just 34 days in which to do it
you are done there is but one way out
for you you better take it before your
filthy fraudulent self is bared to the
nation I was with dr. King as was Andy
young when this letter arrived at SCLC
headquarters in Atlanta dr. King
understood but it was a call for him to
kill himself at the same time as the
letter arrived there the tape arrived at
dr. King's house on Johnson Street in
Atlanta addressed to mrs. King and the
idea was that the tape would be revealed
if he didn't kill himself he was given
34 days to do it because on the 35th day
he was to go to Scandinavia and received
a Nobel Prize and that they couldn't
tolerate he did not kill himself he did
go and receive the Nobel Prize there was
a certain stupid element to this of
course because we understood that those
tapes could only have been gathered by
the Federal Bureau and that this letter
must have been written by the Federal
Bureau but in any event gross as it may
be that's what they tried to do with
Martin Luther King I want to stop the
history now because you all can get the
report which is report number 94 755 of
the select committee to study
governmental operations with respect to
intelligence activities you could all
read it for yourself there undoubtedly r
copies here in Missoula somewhere in the
University and you can read this
thousand-page book which is only book 3
there are many others of the campaign
that went on by the Bureau but it serves
no useful purpose just to reiterate the
names of GC Berg or dr. king or the
countless others there were over 10,000
people affected by this campaign the
reason for the history is that there is
pending in Washington now legislation
which would make all of this totally
legal it's to call the FBI char tag and
that char tag is now pending before the
Senate
Judiciary Committee in fact mrs. King
testified there yesterday the FBI
charter was designed and is designed
according to the Attorney General to
make the FBI's activities in some
statutory for some of you may know that
at this moment the FBI only has a 6-line
authorization if you look up FBI in the
u.s. statutes you'll find a 6-line
paragraph say that there is authority
given to the Attorney General to create
a Federal Bureau of Investigation to
replace the old Bureau of Investigation
that was part of the attorney general's
office up to 19 24 and that the FBI will
carry out any missions given it to it by
the Attorney General that's all there is
all purpose of this is to give us a
chart under which we can operate
President Carter went further he said
this charter strikes the proper balance
between assuring both of the civil
rights and liberties guaranteed to
Americans by a constitution are
protected and the FBI can fully pursue
its appropriate functions when you read
the Charter you will be amazed as what
agents can do for example an undercover
agent is authorized to kill if it is
necessary to obtain information or
evidence for paramount prosecution
purposes or to establish or maintain his
credibility or cover
that means that under this statute if a
FBI agent has infiltrated the Ku Klux
Klan for example and the Ku Klux Klan to
test him says you have to go on the
highway and shoot down Viola Liuzzo if
you remember her name from woman that
was killed on highway 80 between Salman
Montgomery by an FBI informant who did
it to maintain credibility that the
undercover agent all the informant may
shoot and kill an innocent person on the
highway so as not to disturb his cover
with the Ku Klux Klan that's what is
authorized by this bill they can commit
any crime whatsoever as long as they are
involved in investigating quote a group
under investigation end quote the bill
also gives them the right to investigate
any organization which it might be
reasonable to so sue the words the exact
words are whether is quote a reasonable
indication that they might engage in
criminal activity including what they
call terroristic activities there is no
crime by the way about terrorist
activities in the federal code terrorist
activities are defined as a behavior
seeking to influence government policy
through a violent act that is dangerous
to human life or risk serious bodily
harm or that involves property damage
but it doesn't have to occur the Act
makes it quite clear that the predicate
crime property damage bodily injury and
so on does not have to take place as
long as there is a reasonable indication
that it might who makes the
determination that it's a reasonable
possibility or indication the FBI agent
on the sea makes that determination and
so if there were for example and anti
nuclear power group that was for the
sake of example meaning to discuss some
kind of a entrance onto a nuclear power
plant or what have you they would
immediately come under this statute and
in fact you could bring into play all of
the crimes that the Asian could commit
in order to remain undercover in that
organization and it gives them the right
to investigate every peaceful group if
only they say to themselves in this very
internal determination I think that
there's a reasonable indication that
they may engage in terroristic behavior
but remember the terroristic behavior
does not have to occur it's not a
predicate to the investigation and it
indeed may never occur and was never
thought of a curry that's why the bill
would allow them to investigate the
NAACP any anti-nuclear group any civil
rights organization if only they make
that determination internally and there
is no review of an external nature upon
that determination if they do kill
somebody or maim somebody the Charter
specifically says that such activity
will not create quote a civil cause of
action against the United States or
against any officer agent or employee or
former officer agent or employee in the
United States in other words if they
shoot you down on the highway as they
did mrs. viola liuzzo in 1968 your
estate your relatives cannot even sue
the government for this kind of a crime
all that can happen to anyone who goes
too far is that the director in his sole
discretion may find such a person up to
five thousand dollars 40 motive that's
the penalty provision which is worse
than it is now because now at least you
have a cause of action and mrs.
Rousseau's family is suing and dr.
King's family is asking reparations that
would be impossible under the statute
they're further authorized to attempt to
recruit informants from your lawyer or
your doctor or your clergyman the Act
provides that the bureau may recruit
informants from the ranks of attorneys
physicians clergy and members of the
news media despite their quote
obligation or legal privilege of
confidentiality so that they can bribe
your lawyer to give up your secrets in
his possession or your psychiatrist or
your physician or a newspaper reporter
who also has a certain confidentiality
obligation or your clergyman they now
may do it this would make legal
essentially the break in a dr.
Fielding's office in Los Angeles where
the White House plumbers photograph dr.
Daniel Ellsberg's psychiatric profile in
order to use it against him if he ever
took the stand in the Pentagon Papers
prosecution they have another little
device in the Charter they have created
something called a civil investigative
demand end quote it is a letter which
they send to any banking telephone
credit surance companies
to name a few in which you have records
or their records concerning you and
these records must then be turned over
to them no longer do you need a subpoena
or something signed by a judge all you
need is a letter written by an FBI agent
to your bank we want all of john doe's
or Mary doze records or to your
insurance company or a credit
organization which may have records on
you or your telephone company and get
everything without the necessity of
going to a court or getting anything
approved anywhere they're also permitted
to destroy all of their records ten
years after the completion of an
investigation which means that you can't
even get them under the Freedom of
Information Act if 10 years has gone by
even assuming you know there's been an
investigation of you in other words and
I've only read you a small portion of us
in other words they have legalized every
criminal act which they were condemned
out of hand for by the church committee
by urban's committee the Watergate
committee and have made legal everything
from murder down to the sending of these
anonymous letters and they have
galvanized behind it enormous support
and the strange thing is people don't
even know this is going on if you read
the story in this morning's paper out
mrs. King you know she was in Washington
to testify against this end but I am
sure that very few people in this
audience know that a charter bill is
pending and that it contains some of the
aspects which I have mentioned
I have been trying to spread this word
as much as I can because if history has
any meeting and I'm not so sure it does
anymore this book cannot afford to be
repeated in the lives of other human
beings the bills number is Senate bill
1612 or House of Representatives bill 50
30 it will destroy us eventually if it
lets this runaway corrupt agency have
more powers under a statute designed to
prevent its excesses then it has without
such a statute interestingly when they
unveiled it in Washington the people
they had there in addition to the ones I
mentioned to you a Webster and balanced
civiletti in kennedy & Rohde no and
Thurman there were also 350 FBI agents
as invited guests nowhere was there the
family of Martin Luther King nowhere was
there a family of Viola Liuzzo or of
Jean Seberg or of Jane Fonda or any of
the other people they besmirched over
the years strange if this is a new
contract between the bureau and the
American people there were no
representatives of the American people
just of people concerned with the FBI
including 350 special agents who were
invited guests I hope and I have brought
with me an article which I have just
written which will be published in a
magazine called quash and in the New
York Times out that page within the next
week but I have brought out here about
10 or 15 copies of which people could
Xerox which contains not only my
analysis but an analysis by the freedom
of information
act incorporated a private legislative
analysis group in New York City and I
hope that anyone that's interested
reproducing it will ask me for a copy at
the end of the hour the problem with
talking about such legislation is that
we live in a totally distracted and
diverted country where history has lost
all meaning when Scotty Reston James
Reston of New York Times went to visit
you and lie during the great Thor in
1972 the premier asked him what he
thought the major characteristic of the
American people was and rest in thought
for a moment he said I guess mr. primary
they have no memories William Safire who
was a speech writer for Richard Nixon
and then moved over to the new york
times I don't know whether let's step up
or step down he put it a different way
and much more pungently he said in
America no matter how many revelations
there are of official corruption through
Watergate or anything else he said
people forget it very quickly because he
said in our country it's always darkest
before the yarn
and I guess that's a very true statement
all of the revelations of the cancer in
our society this deep and abiding cancer
of official corruption not on a money
level that can be dealt with quite
easily but on a power level all of this
that has been open to us to see so
clearly passes with next Saturday's
football scores it is diverted away from
us unlike most of the other countries of
the world where people never forget such
as the Socialist Republic of Lea that
and other countries well what happened
yesterday or a hundred years ago is
still fresh where there is an oral
tradition of memory in this country that
doesn't exist they have us in the Circus
Maximus every day they have learned what
the Romans learned so early in the Roman
Republic that if you provide diversion
in the Colosseum the people won't wonder
what's going on in the Senate at our
Coliseum stretch everywhere and if you
don't go to one you can watch it
flickering on that little tube in your
living room and be totally diverted from
the real stuff that snips away at
freedom on every hand the material
that's ground out of the Supreme Court
week in and week out destroying the
First Amendment I don't have to
reiterate what's happening to reporters
privileges or what's happening to open
court rules that has wrecked the Fourth
Amendment the right to be immune from
unreasonable searches
Cesia that has destroyed due process
under the fifth as well as the privilege
against self-incrimination that has
taken away our right to trial by jury on
so many levels that has sanctioned cruel
unusual punishments and excessive bail
there is so little left of the Bill of
Rights that I am certain that James
Madison would not recognize it were he
to somewhat mysteriously come to life
again and look at the document he had
such a hand in writing this Charter
passed off to us as a reform is in
reality a sanction of illegality of such
monstrous proportions that if it passes
it will affect everyone in this room in
one way or another it is something that
is being slipped it under the guise of
being something other than it is the way
anti-labor people use the term right to
work as a misnomer for union busting
legislation the way people who are
opposing a woman's right to deal with
her own body use the term right to life
as a misnomer for that which they are
attacking this is the device of the easy
reference table the easy title that does
just the opposite of what it purports to
do and it is pending right there now in
that Senate Judiciary
many and unless people every will take
pen in hand and oppose it it will pass
and someone is going to die on some road
somewhere whether the informant shoots
to kill so I still maintain his
credibility with the group he has
infiltrated I am hoping that you will on
this campus organized around this issue
because when slavery comes to this
country it will never come in my opinion
with stormtroopers in jackboots down the
street it will come the way Carl
Sandburg fog comes in over Chicago a
little cat feet with strand by strand
dropping into place until all of a
sudden you realize that you are caught
in an iron net and that there is no
escape the lesson of Germany is all too
fresh we're a culture industrious
artistic people what turned into the
willing or unwilling abettors of his
best killer system of human oppression
as ever mounted itself on the face of
the earth simply because they did not
see the strands and they turned away
when the rabbi went down in the dust of
a leipzig street oh and crystal lock
made its way from city to city
throughout germany all in the trade
unionists were attacked and they
suddenly found
has passed a niemller so mournfully
pullet that suddenly they came for me
that's the way it happens it will be
different here it will be done through
this lexicon of laws and it will do us
very little good to stand up and say how
did this happen when did this statute
pass why didn't I know something about
it well we have an obligation to know
the matter of retaining freedom is a
daily vocation not a Saturday afternoon
avocation and people must pursue it with
the vehemence the articulation and the
strength they pursue the more mundane
aspects of their life because it
disappears too quickly and once it goes
it rarely returns in the same form and
it had when it left remember always that
the first attack is always against those
we consider to be the least among us the
first attack is against those whom all
might agree are dangerous to society but
that is only the first bite after the
terrorists are gone then the example is
set and bit by bit they go down the line
getting further and further from the
extremes to the center because it's all
so precarious and so delicate anyway and
once you make a different aspect of life
and law for those who might be the most
hated among us once you alter the fabric
for those people in those groups you are
without any doubt altering it for
yourself in your group maybe not today
or tomorrow
perhaps the day after at the end of the
first act of robbing boats play a man
for all seasons Sir Thomas More is
confronted by Henry the eighth's demand
that he recognized the divorce from the
Queen as being valid so that he could
remarry and obtain a male heir and Roper
comes to see him and says the Thomas I
know it's wrong and you know it's wrong
but what does it matter if we do it in
this one case after this case you can go
back to the uniform application of the
Lord and Sir Thomas answers in words I
think that are totally appropriate here
the law ropa the Lord I know what's
legal I'm not God the currents and
Eddie's of right and wrong which you
find such plain sailing I can navigate I
know Voyager but in the thickets of the
law oh there I'm a forest what would you
do cut a great road for the law to get
after the devil and when the last flaw
was down and the demo turned round on
you where would you hide ropa the law
being flat this country's planted thick
with laws from coast to coast man's laws
not gods and if you can cut them down do
you really think you could stand upright
in the winds that would blow then yes I
give the devil benefit of the law for my
own safety sake well that's what you
have you you cannot all of the Lord
imperfect as it is
and treat one group or one individual
differently than others without bringing
down the Holocaust you cannot do it and
stand upright in the winds that would
blow that I would like to close with
part of a poem by GK Chesterton too
little known poem by this rather
remarkable but very underrated British
writer who died i think in 1935 he wrote
a poem about King Alfred the Great Saxon
monarch who was about to go out and be
cut to Rimmon by the Danes in the Battle
of athelney on a little island off
England and he knew he was going to lose
and he sat in his tent the night before
polishing his sword doing whatever
you're going to do on the eve of a
disastrous paddle when the Virgin Mary
came to see him and in chesterton's
words to paraphrase him for a moment she
tells him that no matter how dark things
may be no matter how hopeless it all may
see that human beings have an obligation
until they can breathe no longer till
the brain grows dark and sight vanishes
to do something about this elusive
commodity called freedom and the last
eight lines of that poem which I happen
to read in a book by Phillip arrogant
one of my oldest and dearest
I think is a fitting end to this
discussion of FBI charters and FBI
misconduct which is only one aspect of
the greater cloth and so the Virgin Mary
hovering over the seated Alfred says as
follows I tell you not for your comfort
yay not for your desire say that the sky
rose darker yet and the sea rises ever
higher night shall be thrice night over
you and heaven and iron coat do you have
joy without a cause yay faith without a
hope thank
and that's the end of this alternative
views frequently hear from viewers who
request a list of news publications
which we use an alternative views and
also a reading list for us power
structure in the mass media if you would
like to have these send a stamped
self-addressed envelope to the
alternative Information Network p.o.box
7279 Austin Texas 787 13 you must send a
self-addressed stamped envelope we also
can provide you with information on how
to get some of the publications by
former CIA officer john stockwell
alternative use is a production of the
alternative Information Network p.o.box
7279 austin texas 787 13 you'd like to
write to us that's our address goodbye
you